We're not going to take a look at how autophagy helps you build adapters and not just build them, but
actually inject them correctly.
So let me give you an example where let's suppose we're building some sort of good application and that
good application has a toolbar with a bunch of buttons on it and pressing a button executes a command.
So we implement this interface called I Command, which is just going to have a single method called
execute.
And this is what's going to be implemented in two commands that we're going to make.
So I'm going to make a couple of the right types.
I'll make a save command, which will simulate saving a file.
So in this case, I'll just simulated by using console the right line, saw the right line, saving
a file and then duplicate this and I'll make open command.
So in this case, I will have an open command like so.
And here I will be opening a file.
OK, so we have two commands implementing this interface.
Now let's suppose that these commands are invoked by pressing buttons.
So we have this idea of a button and the button is related to the command that it invokes.
So each button has an I command called command and will make a constructor which initializes the commands
so that we can inject it.
OK.
In addition, we'll have some sort of method called click, and that's when you click the button, you
execute the commands.
So you simply say command and execute.
There we go.
OK, so having implemented this, we might try to, you know, start using this right in our container
builder.
So in the container builder, we might start by registering the commands.
So I would say register type save command.
And I would try to register it as I command like so high command, I would go and I would just duplicate
this and do this for the open command.
And then, of course, what I want to do is I want to build the actual editor.
I want to build like a GUI editor, which actually gets a roll of buttons to display.
So I might go ahead and make a class called editor.
And in here I would make a field which is on innumerable of the button, a bunch of buttons that we're
accepting and once again initialize it in the constructor.
Indian edition will make a diagnostic method for clicking all the buttons.
So we say for each FA BTN in buttons and we simply click each of the buttons like so.
OK, so I want to make this editor and I've already registered the commands.
So all I have to do now is of course register the button.
So register type button and register the editor itself, be the register type editor like so.
And then supposedly what I can do is I can say var editor equals see resolve resolve the editor and
then editor dot click all.
So I'm thinking that I got two buttons here because look I have this injected innumerable off button
so I'm expecting two buttons.
Right, well wrong.
We're not getting two buttons.
Nowhere near.
We get just a single button which does opening a file.
So let me explain to you what's going on here.
We're only having a single button registration way.
If we had some I button interface and we had button and big button and those were buttons, then we
would have two registrations.
At the moment we just have one button and that button refers to an AI command, which by default becomes
an open command.
And that's exactly what we get on the screen.
Now, what we want is we want the button to act as an adapter for an AI command to kind of invoke the
appropriate I command.
So the number of buttons that we want in here is two, not one.
So how do we do this?
How do we set up this connection between the button and the Eichman?
How do we tell the fact that it's an adapter, what we can do it and this is done by calling B don't
register register adapter.
So what's happening here is you have to specify the adapted item, which is I command and who is doing
the adapting, which is button.
And then of course we can provide the lambda which actually initializes the button.
So given and I command, which I'll call ACMD, what we need to do is we need to return a new button
which simply initializes that command.
That's really all there is to it.
And if we execute this now, we'll get completely different results.
We get both of these outputs.
So what's happening here?
Well, in actual fact, what's happening is you're getting two buttons, you're getting one button for
each command.
So what happens is you resolve an I command look at all the results and for each result, make a button
and then check that button.
So in the eye numerable here, we just get two elements instead of one, because they have been explicitly
associated using this register adapter in location.
Now, it's also possible to merge this approach with the approach of providing meta information.
So if you want some metadata provided, then you can do this using this mechanism of adapters as well.
And let me show you how this is done.
So let us suppose that we go up into the button and we have some metadata here, which is passed.
So we'll have private string name and I'll initialize it in the constructor as well.
So I'll just initialize this field in the constructor and then we'll have some sort of method called
Print Me Like So and we'll consolidate line and we'll say I am a button.
So I'll say like this, I am.
A button.
A button called and then the name.
OK, so we want to specify this name from the configuration, that's all that we want to do and it is
in fact possible.
So it will be a similar register adapter call in here, except not quite like this.
Instead, what we'll say is we'll say be the register adapter.
And here, instead of specifying I command will specify šemeta I command.
So Medda I command allows you to provide additional information and in addition will have the button
as before.
I need to have a using statement which for some reason I'm not getting automatically.
So just write it down using artifact features, dot metadata.
All right.
So we're done with the meta, almost done because we still have to finish off this invocation.
So here we take a lambda as always.
So the lambda that we're getting is slightly different.
So we take the command.
But remember, command is an Medda object now.
So in order to get something from you have to use Dopp value.
And in order to get the metadata, will you use the metadata?
So we make a new button just as before.
And we say that while here is the button, it's initialized with CMD value that refers to the actual
command.
And if you want metadata, we say CMT metadata and specify some metadata like name, for example, and
we can cast that to a string like so.
OK, so this is the invocation for registering the I command being decorated by a button with metadata
included.
And then of course, all we have to do is we have to actually supply the metadata somewhere and then
actually invoke the whole thing.
So to supply the metadata, what I can do is I can specify it here.
So for example, here I can specify that the name here for this command will be safe and that the metadata
here with metadata, the name is going to be open.
So that's the metadata.
We specify the actual metadata here.
We specify the handling of the metadata in the register in that period location.
And then, of course, we have to actually make use of all of this.
So let's see how we can get that done.
So instead of clicking all the elements, what I'm going to do is I'm going to say for each part BTN
in Ed the buttons and remember, buttons and some is not available yet.
So let's jump into the edit.
Let's actually expose the buttons.
So let's see if we can do it the smart money by generating a properly of some kind on this and it's
going to be read-only, let's just do it like this.
And of course the modern sysop syntax will be even nicer.
So let's make an expression body and then for each of the buttons, what I'm going to do is I'm going
to say be the end or print me, print me like so and let's see what this actually comes up with.
Hurray!
So as you can see, we're passing the metadata and we have I am a button called Save and I am a button
called Open, we're saving open are the names which were being passed in from the outside.